Chen Hao, why don't you take it back?
Doctor Lin, why don't you take Miss back?
He's so uncomfortable, he definitely can't take it back by himself
Miss, we are Lin Qiang's subordinates.
You're going to call the police. Call the police.
Do you think I would give you a chance to call the police?
Go feed the horse go don't go
Who of you mind your own business?
I told the eldest son next door that
Don't dye it to death
Fear of fat
Miss Zuo, are you alright?
Thank you just now.
Actually, I have something to ask for your help this time.
What's up
Ah oops oops
Ouch, it's like this, miss.
What about our son?
Let me invite that Chen Hao to give it to our grandpa
See a doctor, and then I'll go here.
This is giving me a beating indiscriminately
Oh, dear.
You must have said something wrong to offend Dr. Shen
He just hit you
Need some hey
It's okay, I'll accompany you.
Just think of it as just now
We're even now.
Miss Lin's Group, the eldest son Lin Cong Shang asked to see
Chen Hao should be looking for you to borrow? No
Oh, right.
The doctor named Su Muqiu seems to be here too
What? Sister Mu Qiu is here too
Ask them to come in together